- PedalPlatformGiggingAmpPurchase | TalkBass.com: I haven't purchased a cab yet, but I expect 300-500W should be loud enough for some stage monitoring, and if it has a DI, even better. Great sound with a 410 cab, but I was playing in a rock band when I had that. Weight and size might be the only issue, but I see Friedman and Laney make monitors in the dimensions of a typical cab. Line 6 also has a power cab that I should look into. For me personally, that led me to a GK amp (flexible EQ, easily set flat, with a very well respected DI), into a Greenboy Fearless cab. (https://www.talkbass.com/threads/pedal-platform-gigging-amp-purchase.1400704/)
- Goodpedalplatformcleanamp| Guitar Forum - The Gear Page: Please recommend a verypedal-friendlyampbetween 20 - 40 watts.$750, $1300, $2000 are generous price points. Ny budget lower and the answer is easily Vox AC15c1. I recommend a single 12"combo/cab. (https://www.thegearpage.net/board/index.php?threads/good-pedal-platform-clean-amp.1284019/)
- Milkman TheAmpStereo| Delicious Audio: The Milkman The Amp Stereo is quite simply the stereo version of the very popular and extremely well-received The Amp series, two top-notch mono power amps in pedal form. The Amp Stereo responds to a growing trend among guitarists for both stereo and dual-channel setups, since it can be configured to work both ways by hitting the Sum footswitch, which converts the circuit into a mono device with two gain stages. The Amp Stereo is the newest release in Milkman Sound’s series of amplifiers in a pedal format. Following on the heels of The Amp and The Amp 100 we have a newly designed fully stereo amplifier design with many extra features that will surely make this amplifier an essential part of any musician’s toolkit. There is now an elegant, analog, easy to use end of the chain solution for players using stereo effects featuring our cab sim sweetener, a stereo headphone amplifier and two powerful channels of amplification. (https://delicious-audio.com/milkman-the-amp-stereo/)
- 8BestChorusPedalsfor Guitar (September 2026) - Expert Reviews: Running into two amps created a wide, dimensional sound that’s hard to replicate with mono chorus pedals. The Boss CE-2W Waza Craft is the chorus pedal I bought with my own money after this test. It recreates two vintage Boss chorus pedals, the original CE-1 from 1976 and the legendary CE-2 from 1979, plus adds a CE-2 vibrato mode, in one compact unit with modern reliability. The Electro-Harmonix Small Clone is the chorus pedal Kurt Cobain used to define the grunge era, and it’s still the easiest way to get that swirling, washy modulation on a budget. The DC-2W recreates the Roland Dimension C, a rack studio unit from the 1980s that added subtle stereo width without obvious modulation. The CSMINI is a modern reissue of the legendary Ibanez CS9 Stereo Chorus, one of the most beloved chorus pedals of the late 1970s. (https://www.wpa-pool.com/best-chorus-pedals-for-guitar/)
